Known Bugs
----------

o Function arguments can be passed to array-requiring paths without complaint (e.g. old p.com, now a function)
o Rebonding model also folds atoms, making --nofold irrelevant
o Atom list update is super-slow when changing selection in big systems - This is an issue with Qt, and doesn't appear to have a resolution at present.
o Z-Matrix editor does not calculate z-matrix when first shown
o Fragment builder does not clear properly once closed, and takes a little too long to raise for the first time (add progress indicator)
o 'New Model' action does not deselect other selected models to make new model the only visible one.
o Flickering Progress Dialog, e.g. when using disordered builder on Windows

Current TODO
------------

o When setting new atom colours from prefs window, changes are not reflected in the models.
o When setting atom colours, automatically change to relevant scheme (and print message)
o Add method to check current pattern definition so that it doesn't have to be removed so often.
o Relax system after disorder build, performing tweaks at increasingly higher scalefactors until no moves can be made. Retain Pattern and Forcefield information for inserted components in build.
o More verbosity for all commands
o Save forcefield!
o Detect corrupt canvas by rendering a small offscreen bitmap and checking colour?
o Make access through PatternBound to FFBound a bit easier - add accessor to FFBound data?
o Update script to perform conformational searching on molecule (add GUI options)
o Glyph Undo/Redo
o Allow (somehow) rotation of fragments without drawing them *or* rotating main view
o Add on glyph selection methods (a la box select with the mouse)

Filter TODO
-----------

o Add options to FIELD import filter, allowing application of pattern to model.
o Add more options to GAMESS-US inp filter: MD options
o Storage of grid data in AKF format

Manual TODO
-----------

o Add --process switch and explain processing modes more clearly.
o Add new image for atom list
o F10 Shortcut - run Quick Command
o Prefs accessors - chargelabelformat, sticknormalwidth, stickselectedwidth.
o Chapter / Section on Basic View / Imaging.
o What to do about the FAQ?  Maintain as separate Word document / PDF / single-page HTML?
o New commands 'random' and 'randomi'.